there is a triple did you live in your
ever seen something so bad people
So I do not think so and so what
youtube marcel goes also scorpions beck
you welcome a
another also game plate also
comment channel people now has that
wonderful intro seen what i got started
did not make really big
So I think that's it
most poisonous thing I've ever seen though
In any case, really nice has in itself
properly given trouble
Here's the very best intro on the legs
to send a short message why I
the centro today I use a
challenge against anton lost and yes
the punishment of the intro, so to speak
but had to use what should you
In any case, that's it
Worst thing I've ever seen
I think I ever behind that is
definitely turned red seen around
In any case today today to me and
my best advanced warfare so far
gameplay at 2 1 102 to three upsolar
once dna once exactly 1 in front of the gate
rick on 29 and then at the end
adamant that it is in the second
halfway I think so 63 kilometers
a total of 102 kills three dead ran that
without kill the killstreaks is called fresh
I have to say the gameplay to everyone
case with best game on the vivid
and immediately I believe has currently five
or six kottwitz that was made
abnormally did right fun short
to history at this gameplay this
Gameplay I have two dogs from the child
with lena recorded or game shares and
thought okay that he with this
feeling in the head just had to
that's why killer turned back on
because i just knew ok come 102
kills also managed a few
kate kills to do more than his
girlfriend to the video but little things
speak and that came to me relatively
a lot of what was written by because of
she talks how close she is and second me
Of course, that's not what it's about
But that's the way it is in girls
of course, so it playing at a
other situation is mine if you
would always speak so whosoever
but quite different when gambling
as boys bacon while playing just like
the last of it can do it for me
quite honestly do that for me too
I'm just absolutely okay like me
just said but i could
I have to pull the spot myself
I just have to do it again
but not today we calm down
first for a first time again
freestyle commentary just enter
bit again , it just lifts me up
tell a little bit what's going on there and
so on at once is so much again
happened and I even did
written down and yes yes we
were in Nuremberg two days at the dlc
walls with monte
carsten wist drove the car and
Of course, two hours slept so
really sure of course like car 5
hours before two already like
every case with the bands of course
Know how to finish better shows it
only very briefly so you take this rest
does that time and we so naturally
how it works the same way
mercedes driver read where hd movies
or in any case it was correct that
especially one has the opponent at in
Nuremberg like solar thermal one quasi on
the ds i maps one has the opponent quasi
set against that means we could
In the eyes they could look like that
We just look at each other sadly
the forest was completely destroyed as well
did it clever we had
two pro players, so to speak, as one
right pro player and four youtubers
was just in a team and the opponents
were just the journalists say in the future
holding has no chance at all
he actually pressed in the stomach
is the blatant what happened anyway
should
I have some point only to its
he just watched one
diet made while giving man the
he still done this offense in the
Eyes looked so to speak that was
just do it again think about how you sit
You can not face him and you can not
stop and was really sick one
no fucking then the cool stuff
namely , four gopro were raffled and
though look that way i had of course
good luck again and that
I think there were 40 50 participants there
and four pieces was raffled course
marcel zum scorpions 2 out of the air
pot bodensee is the thing here
So, of course, I could get that for me
as the chip was well worth it or for that
an awesome thing to look right what can
In any case, I will participate
I was very happy about that
yes, then of course there are a few more
things that will happen in the future
namely with the straight
probably visit sex about that
Weekends come to us so rises
action from our clan into the cockpit
coremetrics could hardly be too late
come that is like somehow back then
two months ago on the fall I am pleased
I'm probably right on time
correct for the whole news and the
worst big and that's easy
I 'm really looking forward to it better
So we will be the subscribers and
you pushed what you know now everything
Of course, only for the august I have
is me in any case I am
look forward to what will happen to us in the future
it would be the dumbest thing to do
term for this to the 1 2 had
and this time I give myself the job
So that was almost as bad as the im
zoo
you're almost as ugly as lasko
that is, so I've always been very
celebrated ne yo is really correct
rapper correct correct type but also
if the hole is then the final
by sportstars about the same as he did without
shit what was going on without joke
many I have written to you
the smartphone notebook so I have you
did not look in my opinion
body sucked age without fucking
especially those 34 minutes round the
first 25 are ultrasound
traced a bit worse but
no idea in any case right
cheeky of the evil so pleased about this
round
then I have no announcement
I made it very early to stream
friends and that you see this here
is my new t-shirt and sbb eu
that means best player eu, of course
just because we are all the best
Of course I am the best
not to put on that today nor this
community again finds here
I still have hectic west
think about it because you can just
show can circulate and if you always
ask what does he mean, what does he mean ?
but I 'm the best fuck you go
get away I was thinking so
you can put it here for anything goes
the whole in four different
colors once in green in blue in red and
pink also for the ladies or for the
Guys do not know 6 has one of you
something different for others comes from
other shore
i have no freestyle coming from
other shore like the queen from england
because he has to swim over
so it is more in between
Can you have us funny aidoo first
neither had to do or what to do
should definitely send with the t
shirt shop design is quite above
Of course there's a video to write
everything back to the sweater as
blabla and secondly wanted to everyone
drop by and have a look
if you are interested in it , you can participate
have and if not then he says
Just Marcel I 'm not upset
on it you spasti so okay people me
do you think the gameplay tends to
end to I find the gameplay or times
maybe I had felt myself
a little bit for the gameplay leyen already
Alone for the instrument already easier
let warn that you know but for
Of course that works too and for that
terry also get his skin through me
purely leave bert and have correct correct
if I would pack 20,000 ex
then stop then but not stop
absolutely out jack instagram off
Out Jackman mother out of her house
Get people until next time
protects